Batch edit videos for cold storage
	Import all to one timeline, Ctrl A
	Enable stabilization, switch to Similarity (less rubbery then Perspective), great for handheld
	Stabi smooth: 30-70%, zoom on to crop in

Shift 9> Project settings> Timeline resolution

Resolution 3x2: (Sony)
	1920 x 1280
	3240 x 2160
Resolution 4x3: (DJI)
	1920 × 1440
	3240 × 2430
Retime clip speed: Ctrl R
	Enable keyframes menu
	Undock menu to set transition mode
	Click arrow down next to 100% → Add speed point
Motion blur
	Fusion page → Select mediain1 node
	Shift + Spacebar → Optical Flow → This analyzes motion.
	Shift + Spacebar → Vector Motion Blur
For audio: bottom right to open curve
	Alt click to add keyframe, then move playhead and add another
	Change audio curve

Export TIFF from DaVinci
	Set timeline resolution to highest
	Project Settings ▸ Camera RAW → Decode Quality = Full.
	Deliver ▸ Advanced Settings → enable Force debayer to highest quality & Force sizing to highest quality
	Render at full resolution only with pro, max is 4k 3:2
	Set output file format from MOV to TIFF

Edit photos to timelapses: DaVinci now supports .ARW
	Color>Camera Raw>Custom WB, Log ColorSpace
	Alt+S to add node>LUT>DCR 4kFilm to Rec709v3

Video stabilization with tracking
Method 2: The Fusion Page (Maximum Control)
If the drone makes sharp movements between photos or the boat changes perspective slightly, the Fusion page gives you a more robust tracker where you can adjust the search area to compensate for the hyperlapse jumps.
Place your playhead over the clip and switch to the Fusion Page.
Make sure your MediaIn node is selected, press Shift + Space, type Tracker (just the standard one, not Planar), and hit enter to add it between your MediaIn and MediaOut.
In the viewer, you will see a green tracking box. Drag the top-left handle to position the inner box over your rigid, high-contrast point on the boat.
Expand the search area: The outer dashed box dictates where Resolve looks for that point in the next frame. Since drone hyperlapses have larger jumps between frames than standard video, drag the edges of this outer box to make it slightly larger than usual.
Click Track Forward in the Inspector.
Once finished tracking, go to the Operation tab in the Inspector.
Change the Operation dropdown to Match Move.
Change the Merge dropdown to BG Only.

Quality	Bitrate exporting
	• 1080p: 12–16 Mb/s
	• 4 K: 45–80 Mb/s

Custom export → File
	Use timeline names and export as individual files

Alt A for auto in color page
M	Add marker
I	Mark in
O	Mark out


